dev container support for vs code on linux (#12)
freqtrade/frequi: README.md

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

> ## Project setup for vscode and docker (developping inside dev contener) on linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Project setup for vscode and docker (developing inside dev container) on linux
```
